feat: gpu sharing (#37)
sieve-data/docs: docs/guide/custom-apps/gpu-acceleration.mdx

description: "Accelerate your Sieve functions with GPU"
---

> Sieve let’s you run code on GPUs. To do so, all you need to do is add a `gpu` parameter to your function decorator with the GPU you want. Today, Sieve offers a couple machine configurations listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sieve lets you run code on GPUs. To do so, all you need to do is add a `gpu` parameter to your function decorator with the GPU you want. Today, Sieve offers a couple machine configurations listed below.
```
